if you said your costs were Rising
you're not alone everybody is feeling
the burn I'm going to show you what's
happening between the rich and the poor
and we're going to look at what you can
do about it there are actions you can
take the truth is so important because
it's going to separate you from the
masses we are going to look at how to
thrive and prosper as well I think this
is really important right now more than
ever before they're taking actions out
there the central Bankers to make sure
that you can never be able to sustain
yourself but of course we need to do our
best let's begin right here the very
first thing it's all about inflation yes
we've been hearing a lot about it and
you could see some of their stats
they've come down from their Peak but
now there's been a Resurgence and this
is starting to worry many involved
particularly those at the fed well we've
got something to show you here the first
thing being China has increasingly been
doing stimulus and of course that is
very bullish when you look at it for the
investor the ECB is basically done with
rate hikes at this point we'll cover
that in depth first and then we're going
to look at the stock markets rejoicing
basically because the technical analysis
shows they have no fear no fear at all
and we have to also look at the spending
being up yes certainly overall but why
because people were paying more for gas
you got to understand the truth so that
you know that next layer of information
has what we really need okay there's the
surface level stuff we dig just one
level deeper and it is a whole different
story let's show you this ECB delivers
10th hike as Lagarde won't quite confirm
rate Peak all right so now it's at four
percent four percent this is the highest
it's ever been for the ECB so it is
significant in that respect they are not
going to handle inflation of course but
this is what they're telling us that
they are doing their best they want to
make sure that inflation is going to
come down they didn't exactly commit to
more but the language basically showed
that for all intents and purposes this
is likely it well the problems haven't
been resolved the fundamental issues
here with their energy with other things
well they haven't been dealt with and
that's the way these things go you've
got to pay the price race looking at
China's Central Bank cutting their rrr
this is the reserve requirement ratio
for the second time in 2023 you could
get this directly from the source itself
as I always show you direct source pblc
to cut required Reserve ratio for
financial institutions on September 15
2023 what does this mean well imagine
these Banks like fractional Reserve
banking all banks doesn't matter if
you're in China doesn't matter if you're
in the US Canada wherever they all have
these Reserve ratios and that basically
means look you can only lend out certain
amount and we'll keep that at let's say
10 percent and you could loan out the
rest all right and now they keep cutting
that further and further down okay so uh
by the way in the US it's zero percent
right now zero percent
okay crazy yes I know anyway they're
trying to stimulate and the markets love
it okay so they've been doing a lot of
different things not like a huge bazooka
but they have definitely been doing a
bunch of different things now here is
the Resurgence and this is showing us
the PPI ppi is the producer price index
so this is like
think of it like raw materials yes the
CPI that's going to be you as the
consumer what kind of inflation you deal
with but the producers that might be
like copper that might be the iron ore
that might be like the raw material and
then they produce a product that the end
consumer will then purchase a lot of
stuff is you know made up just like the
CPI there's goes a lot of it goes into
that but
um just in general we could see that
this has now again two months in a row
come up so after it had been declining
and declining in the year over a year oh
now something has changed so in the
previous video to this I covered what
happened with the CPI and I looked at
the Resurgence there also again we are
seeing the same thing pop up two months
in a row for the PPI does this mean that
we are now going to see further
inflation in their own numbers forget
about out the true numbers in their own
numbers oh my goodness look I gotta tell
you about this further at the end of the
video what you've got to do so stick
with me as we look at all of this if you
appreciated this information so far as I
show you this Resurgence then you want
to support me by hitting that thumbs up
it really does help out look here you
can look at the final demand Goods as
well as final demand services and yes
the services have come down from their
Peak they're still elevated but we're
seeing the goods starting to increase
all right and then we have this final
demand year over year and the processed
goods for intermediate demand year over
year both of these have come up the
whole point here is that we are seeing
it in the CPI we're looking at different
ways to look at the PPI all of these
have started to go up now it's a couple
months all right so we we don't have the
biggest Trend at this point but anything
that's not trending downwards at this
time means that the Federal Reserve
technically would have to keep in their
interest rates higher for longer okay
but what's next after that we're going
to look at what the one percent is doing
like what is the richest of the rich
people even beyond the one percent what
actions are they taking right now well
the U.S households are getting very long
on financial assets households
accumulated more financial assets
despite elevated inflation right now and
you look at the wealthiest bot just
under one trillion dollars of stocks and
bonds that's a change between the second
quarter of 2022 to the first quarter of
2023 you look at them putting more and
more money into basically everything
right now
um but uh certainly they're showing us
the equities and bonds they're really
buying up a lot of it
least well off okay so let's say like
the bottom uh percentage of people
bottom 50 percent took out an extra 100
billion dollars in Consumer loans so
while the richest of the rich people are
buying stocks well you have the people
in the bottom 50 taking out loans and
those loans right now are at the highest
interest likely they've ever seen in
their lifetime or at least in the last
several decades so that's a bad sign of
what's coming here because it's starting
to impact the people uh that are in
about 50 if you look at it actually it
is really the bottom eighty percent even
higher that are experiencing to one
degree or or another some troubles it's
a very important stat and I'll tell you
why in a second here
looking at where they're also putting
their money is the money markets we're
seeing a great surge in that both on the
retail side and the institutional side
more money going into into money market
funds why well
five percent they're attracted to that
it makes sense they want to yield they
want to get a return and when we look at
the wealthiest people you might say ah
you know what I don't want to do that I
don't want to do this the wealthiest
people a lot of them are really just
trying to take what they have and
preserve it once you get to let's say 10
million 20 million and Beyond you're not
at in the same position as the majority
uh you know even you know High income
people you're not in that you're just
trying to preserve what you have keep as
much as you can in assets and beat
inflation if possible whether any storm
and then grow beyond that it's a
different scenario for somebody who
might have you know I got a real estate
investment there I got the portfolio
over here this is a totally different
world so you've got to understand where
you are at and you know that's something
that I talk about a loss in compass
compass is available to those on the
Discord right now
we'll talk about that in a second as
well I just want to show you here the
banks are using the emergency facility
again
at a record again at a record from the
fed and this is over a hundred billion
dollars worth so in about six months
this emergency facility is going to be
taken off supposedly
well what are they going to do where are
they going to put that money are they
going to reinvest that are they going to
have to extend it who knows but it's
over 100 billion dollars worth and it
shows us that this emergency fund is
being utilized right now for the banks
as a lifeline
we are looking at at least at the time
of this video recording ninety dollars a
barrel in crude oil this is the
inflation people this is where it's
coming from because people are paying
more for their gas that's showing up in
the data yes there's inflation just
about everywhere but I need you to
understand that if crude oil is up that
means gasoline is up and then if it goes
up people pay more at the pump they
can't go to the restaurant as much they
can order you know these things and
those things and and you know basically
contribute to the economy when we look
at the technical analysis based on that
which of course you know something
volatile as oil not always the best
thing to do but I'm just showing you
anyway that it has much more room uh to
go up before any resistance in the
technicals anyway okay so that's that
and I think it's important to look at
all of this data and really start to
highlight like what's gonna happen where
are we going in this regard
it's important because most people are
being told that there's going to be this
spectacular collapse in which all asset
prices fall considerably oh don't worry
guys you just gotta hang in there and
when real estate prices crash by 80
percent you're gonna be able to buy oh
that gets the clicks that gets the views
let me tell you I know that I know that
because my analytics tell me what people
are watching oh and it tells you that
but that's not the truth
that just isn't the truth and if we do
get into that scenario where all asset
prices Collapse by 80 percent you better
watch yourself
what we can experience instead likely is
more towards Mega inflation you know I
don't know how high it will go and I
certainly it's going to depend on your
circumstances but what we are seeing
right now today is that the Federal
Reserve and all these other central
banks are on the move to start to flip
many central banks China leading the way
others in Latin America have done this
and I'm also noticing you know with the
ECB kind of saying okay this is probably
it this means that we are more likely to
start to stimulate but it doesn't happen
all at once where every single country
starts to flip no there's different
dynamics of things watch it very closely
because inflation could be coming your
way as a result of that what can you do
what should you be doing well there's a
lot of things depends on your
circumstances but a few things when
inflation is high spending can increase
not decrease because think about this if
you think that that whatever that thing
you're interested in is going to be more
expensive tomorrow you buy it today
because you don't want to pay the extra
price you want to get it essentially on
a discount so keep that in mind so you
can actually take more spending right
now as a business owner
if there's inflation it but it depends
on the products and services that you
are into be involved in businesses that
are needed yes absolutely you can't be
in things that you know are just not
necessary you got to be involved in that
which is important so that people want
to use your stuff or more likely have to
get what I'm saying there's services
that people really can't do without so
you can teach them that skill
or you can be the one to provide that
service eliminate any services that you
don't need take that and reinvest
reinvest in uh you know your yourself
number one into your business into your
household now is the time okay so these
are the things that we're dealing with
right now understand that the most
likely circumstance is inflation like if
you just look at it yes we can
experience absolutely we can experience
deflation no question about it how long
will it last we can see that the actions
that these Central Bankers take very
clearly are there to devalue your
currency
would you say so or not
let's have that discussion in the
comments below let me know and if you
want to converse with me directly I've
even been given shout outs to people
video video shout outs to people who are
joining the Discord right now and uh you
know join up on here is totally free and
everybody that's on that Discord is
going to get the Early Access so the
mentorship group got Early Access to
Compass first and then uh it's the
Discord and then I will release that to
everyone else okay so you can get that
link in the description and it's totally
free of course and the comment of the
day
kneels
the graph probably just butchered your
name I apologize The Weakest Link at
least in the Netherlands is commercial
real estate two bigger corporations just
declared are in the process of declaring
bankruptcy big bizarre a sort of Dollar
Store and BCC an electronics company
they have about 100 buildings combined
and I think one or two companies fall
it's still doable but once uh one after
the other starts to go bankrupt then you
get a problem for commercial real estate
companies we will see what happens in
the coming months this thank you very
much for the comment by the way this is
a problem not just in the Netherlands
seeing it everywhere commercial real
estate is the one to watch watch the
debt that's connected to it and of
course your exposure if you do have any
uh to the commercial real estate very
dangerous right now if you appreciate
this information I want to thank you for
being here hit that thumbs up it does
support the channel and I'll see you
tomorrow take care